Brandon arrived at his post 10 minutes early. Normally he was a little late, but today was different. Today he was determined to make a difference.

If everything went according to plan, today would mark the first time anyone other than the government broadcast something on the internal broadcasting service. Commercials weren't really a thing, mainly because it wasn't like anyone in the Vault had the means to buy anything anymore. Everyone lived off of government provisions, and there was hardly any excess. Add to that rumors of a food shortage and a strike in the hydroponic farms, and everyone was understandably worried they might die down here. Brandon didn't let it get to him, though. Sure, things were horrible, but at least they were alive. That's more than he could say for anyone he knew before he made it to the Vault.

Brandon's workday went by as it usually did: A whole lot of silence, and no word from the outside. Manning the satellite was mostly a formality. Nobody really believed anyone on the surface survived after a year went by without contact. Brandon knew this fully well, but also knew that the possibility of being the only remaining Vault were practically nil. That wouldn't be true for much longer, though. Every day that passes without outside relief, your life expectancy diminishes. Nobody brought it up, but everyone agreed that they were doomed to die down here.

When his shift ended, Brandon headed to his work locker, took a cassette tape out of his backpack, and put it in his back pocket. He would have to be discreet to pull this off, but he had gotten used to blending into the background in order to avoid the corrupt police force's wrath. This would be a simple matter. He walked calmly towards the control room, as if he didn't care. He absolutely did, make no mistake. Even before the Vault, if he had a goal, his determination was a force to be reckoned with. He shut the door behind him and quietly engaged the deadbolt, breathing a sigh of relief as it made a small click. Now for the easy part.

He scanned the room and found the audio override controls. The cassette tape found its way from his back pocket to his hands, then to the tape deck. The deck closed with a familiar sound, just as if he was listening to his father's collection, before this all started. He set the delayed broadcast timer. 3 hours and 15 minutes should do the trick. That's when everyone would be listening. Now all he had to do was walk out the front door.

As he unlatched the door, Brandon could hear his heart pounding. Adrenaline was high and the damage was done, but he wasn't safe yet. It didn't show on his face, but he felt physically ill as the control room technician turned the hall corner. 3 more seconds and he would have been caught leaving a secure area. Any longer and he would still be inside, caught red-handed. Hopefully nobody would notice what he had done until the content-lock engaged 5 minutes before the entire Vault would hear his voice. He held his breath as the gate guard checked his credentials. After a moment, he walked off the government property with his head held high. Everything was in place. Now he just had to wait.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3 hours later, Brandon was laying on his cot in his assigned dwelling. Before the Vault he had to worry about paper-thin walls letting him hear too much of his neighbors. Now there were no walls, so he didn't have to worry anymore; he could hear everything, whether he wanted to or not. Naturally, with the lack of privacy nobody really said much anymore. Even without much spoken word, though, the mood in the Vault was always palpable, especially in such close quarters. Overwhelmingly, morale was exceedingly low. At first everyone supported each other, giving each other strength, but after a year underground even the most optimisic person couldn't help but be a little depressed. Hopefully, that was about to change.

As the official news radio broadcast concluded and the anthem started playing, Brandon worried that someone might have taken the tape out before the content-lock engaged. He panicked a little, thinking that all that effort poured into recording in secret, changing jobs to work in the internal broadcast service, obsessively studying the security systems, and waiting for the perfect moment to strike was for nothing. Halfway through the anthem, the audio override began. Hearing his own voice on the radio, pitch-shifted as it was, put his mind at ease, and soon enough it would do the same for everyone who cared to listen.

"We interrupt this broadcast to bring you a message of hope," it began. "My name is Wallace, and by all means you shouldn't be hearing this right now. If the government knew I was planning to do this I'd be locked up for terrorism." A small pause, followed by a chuckle. "I'm actually trying to do the exact opposite. Everywhere in the Vault you can't help but tell that everyone thinks we're going to die down here. Nobody says it, of course, but that's what we're all thinking. I would like to offer a more optimistic view, which we all desparately need. I'm not denying that life down here is pretty horrible compared to how we had it before this all began. Anybody with half a mind could tell you that. Between food shortages, horrible living conditions, and being worked past what you're capable of, I can't think of one thing that we have now that's better than it was before." Another pause, perhaps a little too long. "I can think of one thing we should all be grateful for, though. We're all still alive."

Now there was a tone of breathless enthusiasm to the voice. "We may not have it very good anymore, but that's no reason to give up. As long as our hearts are still beating and we have air in our lungs, we still might make it back to the surface one day. When someone finds this Vault's logs years from now, after this is all over, will they see a community sticking together through all adversity or a group of lost souls, desparately wanting things to go back to the way they were despite the insurmountable odds?" There was a sigh, as the voice on the recording tried to calm itself down. "My point is that if you want to get back to the surface, you have to deal with how things are down here. Things may suck, but try to keep moving forward, and help your friends and family to do the same. The next time you hear about a tragedy, keep an eye on one another and reach out to those who think they just can't take it anymore." Another pause. "There's no telling how much longer we have to wait down here, but I'll say to you the same thing I would say if none of this had happened: 'Try to make the best out of the worst situations, and you'd be amazed what a little optimism can do.' Thank you for listening."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The next day, Brandon checked the internal radio broadcast for the morning news before heading to work. The top story was that someone identifying themselves as Wallace had broadcast an unauthorized recording. Officials were keeping details under wraps, but have expressed interest in charging the culprit with conspiracy and actions against the government. This was to be expected. With such a regulatory government, there's no way they'd endorse or condone what he had done. He didn't care. If he gets the electric chair, so be it. At least he tried to keep this community from coming apart at the seams.

As Brandon walked to work, something was noticably different. One couldn't help but overhear the optimism everyone had now. People were openly praising Wallace, and even denouncing the government for condemning his actions without caring who heard. No police attempted to arrest anyone. They were concerned that arresting someone for voicing what was currently the popular opinion would start a riot. Revolution was inevitable at this point. It was like knowing lightning would strike but not knowing where. Brandon didn't intend for this, but was glad it was happening. Any government that treats its people like animals rather than pets didn't deserve to lead anymore. He just hoped the revolution wouldn't end up throwing the stability of government services off the metaphorical cliff.

There was a protest at the gates of the capital building. People had made signs reading things like "Wallace is a true hero" and "Ask not what you can do for the government, ask what the government can do for you". Everyone was yelling and shouting to the point that you couldn't even hear what anyone was saying. It was all just noise. The riot police had body shields and were trying to keep them from storming the building. They counldn't hold out forever, and everyone knew it. It was rather impressive how quickly all this was put together. The broadcast had only gone up last night, and already there were protests and people publically voicing their hatred for the government. Brandon might have joined in, but for two reasons: He didn't want to get arrested and he had a job to do inside. People might find it easier to believe he had nothing to do with this if he just went about his day. Luckily nobody thought to start a protest blocking the staff entrance.

Brandon arrived at his post 10 minutes early. Normally he was a little late, but today was different. Today he was happy because he had made a difference.