	Logan came to with a throbbing headache and blurred vision. Someone was humming Alouette and the sounds of a blade being sharpened could be heard. There was a blinding light shining directly into his face. He tried to bring his hands to his head to rub his eyes, but they wouldn't move. Neither would his legs or head. Whatever he was lying down on, he seemed to be strapped to it. He struggled, but couldn't budge the restraints. In fact, he couldn't move anything but his tail. He also couldn't feel the sensation of fabric against his fur, and realized he must be naked. Panic started to set in. What could be going on?
	The sharpening sounds stopped. There was a brief pause, then the humming stopped too. A voice called out to nobody in particular. "That feels sharp enough, I think..." Logan tried to find the voice, but with his vision blurred and head restrained all he could see was a white figure with a lot of red splotches all over in his peripheral vision. In fact, it would be fairer to say that it was a red figure with a few patches of white. Logan struggled again to free himself, and the figure seemed to notice. "Now, now... We can't have you moving around. Wouldn't want a jagged cut." The figure started to move closer. Logan could smell the blood of several anthros, mixed with the musk of a rugged human outdoorsman. He wondered what in the world could be going on. "Such a fine specemin. I think I'll display your body by a hen house. After all, you are just an animal..."
	A silver blur appeared, then grew closer. Logan started to panic when the scalpel came into focus. Was this man really going to kill him, stuff him, and use his body to make a racist political statement? He struggled with all his might against the restraints, but couldn't budge an inch. The scalpel withdrew. "Oh, my. I think we're going to need a seditive." There was a squeak, then the hiss of gas escaping. Logan wondered if this was the end.
	No, he thought. I refuse.
	A tray clattered to the floor. The figure was distracted. Logan struggled against his restriants, and was surprised to find his his arm fly in the general direction of the figure, even more so when he hit something. A cry of agony went out, followed by the sound of a body collapsing on the ground, then by that something heavy hitting the ground with a metallic thud. Logan moved his limbs experimentally and found himself free of his restraints. Without hesitation, he got up and stumbled towards what appeared to be daylight.
	His vision improved drastically over the span of a couple seconds now that he didn't have a light shining in his face. This appeared to be the back room of a taxidermy shop. He made a break for the front door, but it was padlocked. The figure, which now turned out to be a male human in a blood-drenched apron, struggled to his feet. Logan searched the room for somewhere to hide. All he could see were the stuffed remains of feral animals. He caught some motion out of the corner of his eye. One of them was moving. A feral fox, alive for the time being, motioned for him to hide underneath a desk. Without any better options, Logan crouched down to join it.
	The man stumbled to his feet. Hopefully he wouldn't find this hiding spot. Logan realized that he was alone under the desk. The feral fox was gone. The man grabbed a chainsaw and revved it up. Seriously? Seems like overkill, Logan thought. Without warning, the sprinkler system went off, drenching the entire room in water. Once it hit the ground, it started to be flowing towards the man's feet. Logan had no idea what was happening, but it seemed to be working in his favor, so he went along with it. The water pooled, then formed a cylinder that trapped the man's feet. The man tried to free himself, but the water had adopted the consistency of pitch. He struggled, to no avail. As the water continued to fall from the sprinklers, the cylinder grew taller, trapping the man's waist, then his chest, then his shoulders. Mercifully, it stopped before it reached his head.
	The feral fox appeared again and motioned towards the door with its head. Not sure whether it was safe, Logan stepped out from under the desk and ran towards the door. It was still padlocked. The fox climbed up onto Logan's right shoulder and held its paw out. The padlock glowed red for a moment, then disintegrated into little more than hot embers. Alright, then... Logan threw the door open and ran through. He found himself back in his high school Stagecraft class, fully clothed.
	"There you are," said the teacher, a badger. "I need you to paint shadows onto that house so it looks like it has siding." Logan was handed a can of black paint and a 1" paint brush, and suddenly noticed that there was a facsimile of a large red house center stage. This seemed familiar. Logan could swear he did something like this in high school, but was sure he had graduated. And for that matter, wasn't he just running for his life? And naked? And where did that feral fox go? None of this made sense, unless...
	"Dammit, am I dreaming again?"