	When I got an email back, I didn't know what to think. There's no way this should have happened, and yet it had. In the days since, plenty of people have offered theories, ranging from the grounded but accusing to the absolving but unrealistic. To this day, I still don't quite know what happened, but I want to set the record straight and offer my side of the story.
	I had discovered Robin's work in a backissue of the Zine "Magic Pants", which is dedicated to the art of fantasy artists. There were a lot of elves, orcs, and dwarves, but she had chosen to depict grotesque monsters and divine godesses side-by-side. Her submission told a story; one of acceptance, redemption, and unity. I decided to familiarize myself with her other work. One internet search later, I found her portfolio, which was prolific to say the least. She had been drawing since she could hold a crayon, and though her pieces ranged wildly, she had a penchant for fantastical settings and subjects. Even so, she never used the oxymoronic "standard" fantasy template, even in her early works. Her imagination ran wild, and she had the skill and knowhow to bring the glorious worlds she developed onto the page. I will always respect that about her.
	I, myself, had dabbled in artistry a little, and found my comfort zone in writing. At the time, I had just finished my latest novel, and so I wondered if I could maybe commission some promotional art. I had every intention of paying whoever I chose; too many artists are asked to work for "exposure", even today. I looked around on Robin's website and found her commission prices and contact info. I liked what I saw, both of the art and the price, and figured it couldn't hurt. I sent an email, which I've gone ahead and copy/pasted below:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Robin,

My name is Spencer Dunn, and I am a hobby novelist. I recently became aware of your art through your entry in Magic Pants. I've looked at your portfolio, and I really liked what I saw. I applaud you for never using the standard fantasy template. That must take some real creative effort.

I am reaching out in hopes I could commission some promotional art from you. I have attached a manuscript for a novel that has not been published yet. I ask that you do not share this file around, for the same reasons that you may ask someone to not publish an un-watermarked piece. I am willing to give you full creative freedom, give you full due credit, and pay full price, but I ask that I be given permission to use this work for promotional purposes, such as posters or even the front cover.

I look forward to hearing back from you, and wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors.

Thank you for your time.
Spencer Dunn

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	I haven't always been the best at interpersonal communication, but I think that was a good attempt, if nothing else. I expected to hear back from Robin within a week, which seems reasonable to me. When a week went by with no response, I thought "Alright, maybe she's on vacation and hasn't checked her email? She linked to her social media profiles on her website, maybe I'll have a better chance of reaching her there. I want to make sure she has enough time to make quality work before my publisher's deadline..." I was certainly not ready to find a social media presence dominated by "I miss you"s and "Rest in Peace"s. It turns out Robin had passed away nearly five years ago!
	Once I processed how macabre the situation I had gotten myself into was, I debated whether to send another email. My justification was that on the off-chance a loved one checks her email, I would have just brought up some really sensitive feelings, especially given Robin's cause of death (which I will not repeat, because I know some people who are squeamish about that subject). I could send another email expressing my regret and sorrow and wishing the family the best, but in the back of my mind I worried I might make things worse. Again, I'm not the best at interpersonal communication. Ultimately, I decided to leave things as they were. With how long Robin had been dead, her loved ones would surely have moved on by now, and I didn't want to disrupt their lives any further.
	With time, I moved on as well. Between my day job and writing my next story, I forgot about all this after maybe a month. Eventually my publisher asked me to start approaching artists for promotional artwork, and after finding some people to work with I opened my email ready to write a several largely similar emails. Before I could, though, I noticed an unread email from Robin's email address. There was no subject, and the body of the email was blank. All there was was an attatchment, which turned out to be a sprawling piece depicting several elements from my book. In one area, the heroes were battling with several of the antagonist's minions, in another ancient flying war machines flew in a thunderstorm, and in a third the populace celebrated the overthrowing of a corrupt government. You may note that all of these examples are scenes from various points in the book. The focal point, however, was the scene I bookended with where the protagonist sat under a blossoming cherry tree and centered himself. I knew the style looked familiar, but I couldn't quite place it until I noticed the signature in the bottom-right corner. Without a doubt, this was Robin's work.
	I still have no idea why I got this email. I've heard theories, though. In one, one of Robin's loved ones continues her legacy by drawing more art in her style and name. In another, someone hacked Robin's email account and tried to commit identity theft, down to responding to and fulfilling business inquiries. There's also one circulating where I deliberately disgraced Robin's memory by forging artwork and making it seem like she's not actually dead. I respect everyone who came up with these theories, including those that implicate me. You're welcome to believe whatever you like, but I have my own theory, which I'll get to in a minute.
	I knew I would get some blowback from using the art of someone who is supposedly dead, but I didn't think my publisher would actually choose to feature that art on the cover and in a centerfold poster. I ended up commissioning several artists, all of which did amazing work. I only included Robin's art by accident because as I got the work back I put it into a folder that also contained her piece, and I didn't think to take that piece out until after I had already sent the entire folder. Even so, the decision of whose art to feature more strongly was above my paygrade. I kinda wish they had done their research, though. In any case, Robin's art ended up on the cover and in the centerfold, and that rightfully got a lot of criticism. The book was almost banned and recalled, but some people expressed concern that if this was genuinely Robin's work they would be disgracing her memory by not letting anyone see it. In all this hubbub, my book sold very well, and I became a little infamous for someone else's decision, which I have pointed out several times to the media. It's gotten to the point that I feel I should make an official statement to clear the air, so here we are.
	Now, to be clear, I've talked to Robin's family. I was very sympathetic, and they believe I did nothing wrong. They had a theory of their own, which I've since adopted: Robin was sent back to make this one final piece to keep her legacy going forever. I have to say that if that was the intention, it worked very well. The thing is, I don't feel like I deserve all the success this incident has given me. Why she chose to accept my piece without any way to pay her back is beyond my comprehension. I intend to make peace with this, though. To that end, my publisher and I are donating 25% of all sales of my book to Someone To Talk To, an organization that helps people through stressful situations without resorting to self-harm. I believe this is the best way to honor Robin's memory and help others avoid the same mistake she made. I also encourage everyone reading this to donate whatever they can, not just to STTT, but to any charity you feel deserves your support. A few unrelated favorites of mine include the Internet Protection Group, People for Equality, and Open Media For All.
	I hope this clears the air and makes my stance somewhat clear. We may never know what really happened, but we can still honor Robin by making the world a better place for everyone, whether they agree with us or not.