	Until recently, nobody really knew where you existed before you were. Philosophers, religious leaders, and scientists all tried to offer answers, but none were ever satisfactory. None could ever be proven. But recently, that all changed.
	The day things got set in motion started out uneventful for me, as most days do. Life as an empress may be glamourous, but aside from the occasional figurehead speech and setting some general policy you don't really do anything. It's the bueraucrats who acutally run things. Of course, not everyone knows this. Which is why that scientist came rushing into my throne room instead of talking to those who would actually do something about what he had found. Which is good, because I doubt I would have heard about this discovery in time otherwise.
	The scientist came rushing past the guards, lab coat billowing behind him. He kneeled before my presence, and the guards who had been chasing him from the antechamber stopped. They knew better than to interrupt someone in the middle of deferring to their leader. He paused a moment to catch his breath, then kept his head down as he addressed me. "Your eminence, I apologize for rushing in like this, today of all days, but my colleagues and I have made a breakthrough discovery. We have found extraterrestrial life!"
	He remained kneeling and continued to avert his eyes, as is customary. I desparately wanted to learn more, as I had always had a penchant for exploring the deepest reaches of the universe. "Your claim intrigues Us. Elaborate." I forced myself to speak in the second person. Until I knew more, I would play along with Knugl culture.
	The scientist fetched a holo-display from his lab coat's inner pocket, set it on the floor, and turned it on. A transparent green representation of the known universe filled the room. After a moment, it began zooming in towards our neighboring galaxy, then to a small planet within that galaxy. "My department has been probing the Iazuno galaxy," he began to explain. "We found a planet similar to our own, so we sent the probe in for a closer view." The hologram changed to display a biometric scan. It seemed familiar, somehow. "Incredibly, this planet is host to carbon-based life. The planet locally known as 'Earth' contains several different species, all previously undiscovered, but these things seem to have become the dominant species. They call themselves 'humans', and they exhibit some very interesting behavior. With your blessing, we would like to investigate further." This entire time he remained in the same position, almost afraid of what I might do.
	"These... 'humans'... what else do you know about them?"
	There was a scared tone to his voice, now. "N-not much, your excellence. All we know is what we got from the b-biometric scans. We know that they reproduce sexually, and th-that they take about 2 of our years to sexually m-mature. A-according to the planet's orbit around their s-star, that's about 18 of their years, but i-it varies between individuals." Despite his newly aquired stutter, I could tell he was telling me everything he knew. Clearly we were going to have to learn more, but something wasn't right...
	I did my best to hide the genuine excitement in my voice. "Do you have scans of their planet? Specifically the terrain and whatever structures the 'humans' may have made?" I don't think I did very well.
	The scientist took a second to respond. He obviously was trying to figure out why I would make such a specific request. "Y-yes." He reached out and pressed a button on the holo-display, which changed to show some fly-by shots. Without a word, I stood up from my throne and approached. Taking the holo-display in hand, I scrolled through the imagery of this vaguely familiar planet. Much of the architecture was foreign, but when I got to the last scan I couldn't believe my eyes. There was a vivid landscape, untouched by civilization. The rolling hills stretched on, up to the foot of a mountain. There was a path leading out of scan range, but it seemed that this spot attracted several 'humans' due to its sheer beauty. Myself included. Now I knew why I thought I recognized this planet. That was where my past life had taken place.
	I dropped all pretense. "This is incredible! The implications of your discovery... Wait, what does this mean for how we find my successor? I mean, the odds of finding extraterrestrial life alone are astronomical, but finding the world responsible for imperial past lives?" An audible hush fell over the room as I said finished that last sentence, followed by murmuring. The scientists in the antechamber who had chased after their colleague were dumbfounded at this revelation. I composed myself. This next part would need to be handled delicately. "Bring your colleagues here." The scientist obeyed, and the entire team immediately kneeled before me. Of course. "Rise." One by one, the scientists rose to their feet, but still tried to avoid eye contact. Sometimes I wish that the public figurehead didn't have to be so ruthless. It would be nice if people weren't afraid of someone who didn't actually have much power.
	"Your discovery is of absolute importance. You seem to have discovered a planet whose inhabitants' lives resemble that of imperial past lives. I urge all of you to continue your research, and to collaborate with the Birthing Ministry's past life division. Now that we have found the potential source of those who would be emperor, we must learn as much as we can. You should not worry if your discoveries don't line up perfectly with what we know, as what we know may turn out to be wrong. At the same time, if there are too many discrepencies, you must consider the possibility that there is no cauasal link between this 'Earth' and imperial past lives. I am giving you all the full backing of the Empire. We must expedite this research in order to discover what sort of effect all this may have on the Knugl way of life." I returned the holo-display to the man who brought it. "Go now, and prepare another expedition."
	At these words, the scientists silently scurried out of the throne room. Once they reached the hall, at least one of them could be heard celebrating. I returned to my throne and prepared to hear my advisors try to talk me into backpedalling my words. I knew I wouldn't listen.
	Discovering where you existed before you were. What a birthday present!