	The mood was somber. The crowd was mostly silent out of respect, but a couple people couldn't help but burst into tears. David got up from his seat and walked to the altar. He prepared himself to give as heartfelt of a eulogy as he could manage. A moment passed. Then two. He just couldn't find the words to properly express grief. He wondered whether he should have written something beforehand. Now the crowd had noticed him at the altar, and everyone's full attention was on him. He never was comfortable in large gatherings. After clearing his mind, he cleared his throat.
	"Carrie and I..." he trailed off. "I'm sorry." He calmed himself with a deep breath. He began again. "Carrie and I met in high school. We shared a math class, and after that we conspired to have as many classes in common as we could. We would tutor each other if one of us was having trouble, and we grew close. We had fun together, and I hoped it would last forever." He let a small chuckle escape. "I guess that never actually happens, does it?" He took another moment to think. "When Carrie graduated, we made promises to keep in touch, but life got in the way and we went a long time without hearing from each other. I had only just started trying to rekindle our friendship when..." He trailed off again. He knew no words he could say would address what had happened while showing enough respect. The crowd knew it, too. In the back, Carrie's mother let out some loud wails. She just couldn't handle the reality of what had happened. David had to choose his next words very carefully.
	"The Carrie I knew wouldn't want us all to wallow in sorrow. She would want us to celebrate all the happy moments in her life, rather than focus on the one that ended it. I remember that right after she got accepted into her dream college we went to the mall to celebrate. As chance would have it, we encountered a little girl sitting on a bench, crying her eyes out. Before I could stop her, she went to comfort the girl and ask what was wrong. The girl had had an argument with her mother about some toy she wanted, and she stormed off when the mother said they didn't have the money. Carrie had me help the girl find her mother and said she would meet us later." A genuine smile crept across David's face. "In a move that only Carrie would have done, while I helped the girl find her mother she went and bought the toy. When she found us again, we had just found the girl's parents. When she pulled that doll out of the shopping bag, not one of us could believe she would do that for a total stranger." David shook his head, disbelievingly. "Her compassion and generosity were too great. I'd like to think that, whereever she is now, she's continuing to make the lives of those around her better." He couldn't think of anything else he could say, but he had said enough. As he stepped down from the altar and walked back to his seat, he saw smiles throughout the crowd. Where he saw tears, they were on the cheeks of someone with a conflicting mix of joy and sorrow on their face. He had done what he intended to do when he first agreed to speak today.
	As he sat down, the next speaker began. He couldn't focus on their words, though; after such a powerful speech, his thoughts couldn't help but wander to the immense pleasure he got from the last time he saw Carrie. He came over because he had come upon some trying times, and he wanted things to be like they were before so he could take comfort in the woman who had once been his best friend. After some catching up and tender moments, he knew it wouldn't last. "Why can't it always be like this?" he wondered aloud. "It's not like we wanted to drift apart. We could be friends again."
	Carrie could detect a hint of desperation in his voice, but she paid it no mind. "Life just gets in the way, I suppose." She always was oblivious to his feelings towards her. Now that she had just gotten engaged, it was David's last chance to convince her otherwise.
	"You know, I had a crush on you in high school." Carrie was surprised to hear that, but that was the least of it. "Back then I thought that we would get married, have kids, and live happily together. I guess time makes fools of us all." David sighed for dramatic effect. He was baiting Carrie into admitting her true feelings towards him, one way or the other. They both knew that her response would shape the future of their relationship.
	After a moment's thought, Carrie spoke up. "I don't think so. Just because a relationship grows stale doesn't mean any feelings fade." She put a hand on her back. "Sometimes they even get stronger." David perked up as he heard this. Was she coming on to him? She continued. "James may have beat you to the punch romantically, but you're still a great friend."
	David became enraged when he heard this. He raised his voice. "Oh, yeah? What makes him so special? I've watched you two since you first met, and even back then I thought 'What could she possibly see in him?'" Carrie couldn't believe what she was hearing, but he wasn't done. "You and I could have been something better. Something trancendental! But no. You went with the guy who just needs a girlfriend to validate himself. He's not special. Why does he get your affection while I fade away into memory?"
	Carrie stood up. "I think you need to leave. Now." She grabbed his arm, but he quickly grabbed hers. She tried to pull away, but he wouldn't let go. "David, you're scaring me." David pulled a butterfly knife out of his pocket and opened it with a flourish. "Oh, my god! Where did you get that?" It was only now that she saw the unbridaled rage in his stare. She let go, but he held tight. "Alright, maybe we could forget this ever happened and agree to leave each other alone?"
	He could hardly contain his anger. He would not let the friendship end. "No, Carrie. I don't think so." He pulled hard on her arm, catching her off guard and dragging her into the embrace of his waiting blade. She gasped for air as the blade slid into her body. He leaned in close and whispered in her ear. "It's a shame, really. If you had only been nicer, you might have lived to see tomorrow." He pulled the knife out of her stomach. She tried to run to the phone to call for help, but the pain made her dizzy and she fell. She dragged herself on the ground and tried desparately to hang on. David was having none of that. He straddled her body and grabbed her hair to pull her head back. She begged for her life, but her pleas fell on deaf ears. With one smooth motion, David slit her throat and ended her suffering all at once.
	After a moment, he let go and her head fell into the pool of blood. He turned her over so he could see her face. The lifeless look in her eyes spoke volumes. He got a good look at her. She lay there, defenseless. He thought to himself what an attractive woman she had become. Her breasts were moderately sized, unblemished by implants. Her blonde hair was naturally luxurious and volumous. Her waist and hips were slender, and her skin was fair. She looked remarkably like the doll she had bought for that poor little girl so long ago. Suddenly, David noticed a tightness in his pants. In the back of his mind, he knew how weird necrophilia was, but his sexual drive raged like a teenager's regardless. Logic went out the window as he started to undo his pants. Life and death didn't matter. This way, he thought, she'll finally have me.
	"Hello?" David was broken from his fantasy by a hand waving in front of his face. It took a moment for him to realize the service had ended, and everyone had gotten up and was heading towards what was soon to be Carrie's grave. "Hey, everyone's getting ready for the burial. Do you need a moment?" James had a look of compassion on his face that was a little too familiar.
	David shook his head. "No, I'm fine. I was just remembering the last time Carrie and I were together." He quickly wiped the smile from his face as he got up. The two started walking with the herd.
	James wanted to extend an olive branch. "That was a beautiful eulogy back there. It got me thinking. Carrie would want us to carry on, right?" David nodded, but was uneasy about where this was heading. "Well, I was going to give myself time to mourn, but now I think I should just get back out there. Carrie helped me learn what women want, so if I can't be with her she would want me to use everything I've learned from her to better myself, right?"
	David couldn't believe what he was hearing, but he knew better than to object. "Maybe you're right... I'm thinking I need to loosen up a bit, too."
	James was delighted to hear this. "How about you and I go to bar-hopping tonight, then? I know we haven't had much of a chance to get to know each other..."
	"That's tempting, but I'm not good in crowds. If it's getting to know each other you're after, though, how about we just head to your place and knock back a few cold ones?" David's face was smeared with a facade of friendliness. James couldn't possibly tell his true intentions.
	"Sounds like a plan, then." James smiled to match David, but the true feelings behind the smiles couldn't be more different. James' smile was genuine at the prospect of making a new friend. David's was devious at the prospect of finding a new purpose for his life. He would rid the world of those who didn't deserve to live in it. He would make the world "better", one corpse at a time. And maybe, if there was time, he would let women like Carrie know exactly how much he cares.
	Maybe there is life after love after all.