	I woke up with a start and found myself in an underground train. I couldn't remember anything before, but that wouldn't be a problem. Where I was going, past lives didn't matter. A voice on the PA announced that the train was arriving at the station. Somehow I knew that I was meant to get off, so I got up and headed for the doors. As the train came to a halt, I considered what might be ahead of me. I have no idea what to expect, but I plan to embrace it. The doors slid open with a pressurized hiss, and I stepped into the unknown.
	I wanted to be back in the world I called home.
	The station wasn't much to speak of. The only features were stairs to the outside and an elevator leading to something called "Tower Condos". As I would later learn, there was only one train line, and somehow it only took people to this place; never away. People could leave whenever they wanted, of course, just not the way they came. To this day I wonder what the next stop might be, if there even is one. Either way, the station was just an antechamber to the plaza, which was the main focus of this place.
	Stepping into the cool breeze and mid-day sun, I pondered exactly where I ended up, and what I was expected to do. I wandered around, seeing exactly what was on offer. There were a few shops, but I didn't have any "Units" to my name yet, so I just browsed their wares. There was a casino, but I was still broke. There was a trivia game, but I didn't feel confident participating because the game I watched had questions referring to stuff I didn't remember. I somehow recalled the answers to a couple questions, but that may have been a fluke. There was also a boardwalk, complete with a ferris wheel and a roller coaster track, although there was no car to ride in. Those turned out to still be in development, and would get implemented properly eventually.
	Finally, there was a giant tower built above the transit station. The condos seemed to be bigger on the inside, and even had a beach and a blue sky. I could change the weather and time of day at will, somehow. Most of the wares in the shops were clearly for furnishing this space, but for now it was just big, empty, and lonely. Of course, there were others. They went about their business, shopping, gambling, and socializing. I didn't know any of them, but I didn't mind. I still find social interaction a little draining. They are pretty nice, though...
	At this point, the only place I hadn't explored was the one I didn't quite understand. The building was labelled "GAMES", but the entryway only had some sort of spinning vortex. There wasn't much else to do now, so I stepped inside. I could feel the air rushing around me, and I found myself inside the massive faceted sphere making up the upper half of the building. Above me was a circular electronic marquee welcoming me to the "Gameworld Ports". Around me I found several facades representing the different "Gameworlds" I could visit from here. I spent some time in each, and found myself having a lot of fun. In one world, I was in a giant hamster ball navigating a floating obstacle course. In another I was one of a number of tiny knights working together to take down a (relatively) large dragon. In a third, I played a game of minigolf, and in a fourth I fought for my life against a virus that spread the instant a host touched their victim. And to top it all off, playing in the Gameworlds happened to be the primary way to earn Units. After a little good-hearted fun, I had enough Units to furnish my condo and then some for myself. Maybe this place wasn't so bad...
	After decorating my condo and losing a few thousand Units at the Hold'em tables, I went back to the Gameworld Ports and made my money back. I couldn't shake the feeling that something was missing. I found myself wishing for a life beyond the small island I was trapped on and the gameworlds I could access. This place was fun, but once you've done everything you can there isn't much point in staying. To this day I don't know how, but I instinctively knew how to leave. I closed my eyes and willed myself away from this world. As I felt myself drifting back towards the world I called home, I hoped I could visit this world again. It was a fun place to be, but I just needed a break. I didn't have to worry; I would always be welcomed back.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	I wake up with a start on the same train again. My "dog" was in my lap, smiling as always. I don't know how many times I've been on this train, but it's not like I was ever keeping count. I've been keeping busy. New Gameworlds have been introduced, the Boardwalk has had more and more functions added, and I've made a few friends along the way. More is constantly being added to this world, and I make it a point to try it all. A voice on the PA announces that the train is arriving at the station. I get up and walk towards the doors, and my dog rolls on the ground to follow me. As the train comes to a halt, I consider what lies ahead of me. I know exactly what to expect, and I embrace that. The doors slide open with a pressurized hiss, and I step out into the familiar.
	I'm back in the world I call home.