Note to self: Make it clearer that these entries are different generations

Entry 1:
	Before today, I never trusted these strange giants. I had reason to think they were all cruel. My father died being forced to fight his own kind, and even when he wasn't fighting he was abused and neglected. Fearing the same fate for myself, I feigned being weak in a gambit to make it seem like I was unsuitable to fight for my life. Perhaps if I didn't stand a chance, I wouldn't have to risk my life for their amusement. It worked, but I was abandoned. I learned to scavenge and find shelter, but all the while I wondered if it might have been better to die the way those monsters wanted me to. Before long, I was found by another group of giants. Instinctively, I thought I couldn't trust them. They abducted me from my life on the streets, but for good reason. They gave me a home and took care of me. Even though I didn't have to worry about dying from the elements anymore, I still feared for my life, thinking that they would force me to fight my own kind as my father had. But that never happened. Over time, they showed genuine affection for me. I learned that the calmer I behaved the more freedom they would give me, so I bode my time, looking for a chance to escape. The smallest one seemed the most interested in me. She spoke the same incomprehensible language the rest of the giants did, but occasionally she would say something to me and expect me to do something in return. When I didn't, she would demonstrate as best she could with her anatomy. Once I figured out what she wanted me to do, she would reward me for doing it by rubbing me in various places. I didn't understand what she's doing, but somehow I liked how it feels. Eventually, the giants decided to take me outside of their shelter to a large area filled with others like me. I thought I knew what they were doing; I thought they were going to make me fight them. The smallest one held a rope attatched to my neck, but I reasoned that if she was the smallest she may also be the weakest. I saw an opportunity. When they stopped at the entrance, I pulled very sharply on the rope, causing the small giant to let go. I had my chance! I ran, fearing that if they caught me they would punish me. Luckily, my anatomy is much more suited to running than theirs, so I lost them fairly easily. Now I was on my own again, though. I stayed hidden, because I knew that if any of the other giants found me they would return me, or worse, claim me as their own. I didn't know the area well, so I found myself accidentally returning to the area I had run away from several times. One day, I decided to remain hidden and observe. I don't know what possessed me to do that, but I'm glad I did. It turns out that area wasn't for fighting. I should have known. It was much larger than the arenas my father died in. Those of my kind had their ropes taken off, and they were allowed to socialize and play with each other. Some of them fought, but in that playful way I used to as a child. There were even toys that some of the giants would bring with them so they could play with us. I realized my mistake. They hadn't been trying to make me fight; they just wanted me to have fun. I knew what I had to do. I walked up to the entrance and made myself known to the giants inside. They knew I was escaped from my rope, and some seemed to recognize me. A couple of the giants walked over to where what I can only describe as a white leaf with markings was posted. I caught a glimpse and found that some of the markings looked kinda like me. Had the giants who took me in put it there? One held something up to their head, and spoke words into it. When they finished, they said something to the other giants. They sat there with me, rubbing me the way that one giant had, appearing to be waiting for something. Some time passed. Suddenly, one of the giants' transports showed up. It seemed familiar. It opened, and out came the smallest giant. She ran up to me and gave me a big embrace. We went back in the transport, and after the larger giants talked a little with those who had found me, we left for their shelter. They fed me, bathed me, and rubbed me a lot. Now it's night, and I'm lying next to the sleeping smallest one. Turns out these giants aren't all horrible monsters. Maybe I can be happy with these ones taking care of me. For now, though, sleep beckons me. I hope all my brothers and sisters end up with a family of giants as nice as mine.

Entry 42:
	My mother has died. This is a sad day, and the giants seem to be affected as well. They show it differently, of course. They show everything differently. In any case, I hope that my mother can live on in my thoughts. She once told me stories of what other, more horrible giants did to her father. She told me stories of how she didn't trust the giants who took her in. I may be biased because I've known them my whole life, but I can't imagine not trusting them. A lot has happened since those days, though. The smallest giant has grown, and is now just as large as the others. The family has moved several times, for reasons I have yet to understand. I also now wonder whether they are immortal, as my mother was a small child when they took her in. Yet as much as things have changed, some things remain, even after my mother's death. The formerly smallest giant still enjoys having me nearby as they rest. I am well-fed and taken care of. Occasionally we pay visits to a giant cloaked in white who takes much more interest in me than the other giants. I reflect on my mother's father's life, or at least what I've heard of it. My mother has always insisted that some giants do enjoy making my kind fight, but I take that statement with healthy skepticism. Provided it's true, it shows that how the giants treat us varies wildly. In any case, after realizing that these giants are different than the ones she told horror stories about, my mother tried to show them as much compassion as they show us. I intend to honor her legacy by continuing that behavior as a tradition, and hope I can pass it on to my eventual children.

Entry 76:
	I grow old. My pelt grows gray and my joints ache when I walk. And yet she remains untouched by the passage of time. She remains as youthful and energetic as she was when I was born. These immortal giants must age slowly, as I have seen her give birth to her children and they are still smaller than she is. They grow every day, but they have yet to catch up. I enjoyed playing with them when they were about my size, but even the youngest now towers over me. At best, I could only come up to their waist. But that was before. My faculties are decaying. My children worry for my health. I know I am not going to last much longer. The visits to the white-cloaked giants were becoming more frequent, and sometimes I would stay for several nights, but now they have stopped. It occurs to me they may have done all they can to prolong my life, and only wish for me to pass on in peace rather than under the harsh lighting and constant prodding of their realm. I accept this, but worry for my children's well-being. Will she be as kind to them as she was to me? Will they show her the same appreciation I have taught them to show? What about their children? I suppose it doesn't really matter, in the grand scheme of things. My thoughts are hard to focus now. I suspect I will not wake up tomorrow. All I can think to do now is spend my last few moments comforting her. Hopefully this will convince her to treat my family well for many generations to come.

Entry 326:
	My ancestor once told his children that she was immortal. They, in turn told their children, and so our family had thought her immortal for so long. She has guarded my family for generations, since the days of my great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother. She has kept us safe, well-fed, and taken care of. We had thought that maybe these giants could prolong their life by being nice, both to each other and to my kind. But now I know better. Just as my pelt grows gray, my bones grow weak, and my thoughts grow dim, so too do hers. Her children have children of their own now, some of whom have taken in my offspring. But she has left none for herself. I will be her last. Just as there are white-cloaked giants who make me feel better, there are some that try to make her feel better. But we haven't seen any in so long. They know we will both die soon, and that there's nothing they can do. We still get visitors. Mostly her children, but also other giants who help her with tasks I'm told she could once do herself. It's so tragic that a life so long must eventually end, and it saddens me to think that day may come soon. For all of her knowledge and compassion, she is not immortal. I wonder whether she will accept her fate or keep fighting until the bitter end. Whatever her decision, I've made a decision of my own: I will comfort her. Either until I can no longer comfort or she can no longer be comforted, I will comfort her. She showed compassion towards my family for generations, and it is only fitting that she recieve whatever compassion she can from those around her, whether they share her species or not. My ancestor started a tradition of honoring his mother by showing the same compassion towards these giants as we recieve. I hope this final act does her memory justice.