Part 6 depicts Logan saving magic from a superweapon developed by the Norm resistance that would render magic impossible by eliminating all mana. It starts with the Cunningfolk government discovering the weapon and its potential, consists of Logan trying to get a peace offering in the form of infinite electricity, and ends with the Norms accepting the peace offering, magic no longer having a negative connotation thus no longer needing to be kept secret, and Logan and his friend parting ways for what may be the last time. Below are notes on this part:

* The infinite electricity idea works as follows: Create two portals, one directly above the other, creating an infinite loop. Drop something magnetic into the infinite loop. Wrap some wire around the perimeter of the infinite loop. Now you have an infinite generator.
* Logan wants to offer the infinite electricity as a good faith peace offering, but the Cunningfolk government won't allow it because the Norms can feed that energy into the superweapon to increase its range and they don't trust them to not backstab. This forces Logan to go undercover and talk to his friend himself and convince him that magic can be used for good, regardless of what the Cunningfolk government says. After a debate that takes up an entire Chapter, the friend agrees but says that the other powers of the Norm resistance would never agree, so he can't do anything officially. Ultimately, they decide to unofficially destroy the plans, then the superweapon. The sabotage goes smoothly until they try to dismantle it, at which point it malfunctions. Logan's friend ends up sacrificing himself by letting it release its entire charge on him so that it doesn't release it on everyone. He ends up wounded and unconscious, but he lives. Logan finishes dismantling the superweapon, takes some magic environment scans, and teleports them to a hospital. As soon as the friend is discharged, the two go straight to the leader of the Cunningfolk government to deliver the news of the destruction of the superweapon. They don't believe them at first, but the environment scans don't lie and can't be doctored. Now that they can't be backstabbed, the Cunningfolk government agrees to proceed with Logan's peace offering. Time passes, and electricity has become free thanks to the infinite generators around the world. Because of this, magic no longer has a negative connotation, and therefore no longer needs to be kept secret. Logan is given a Nobel Peace Prize (or whatever equivalent I can come up with, if I can't use that), plus the Cunningfolk equivalent. Logan's friend ends up saying his goodbyes, because it turns out the discharge from the superweapon destroyed all his mana. Now he's the only truly non-magical person, and he considers himself the only real Norm. Since he doesn't have mana, he knows he can't ever use magic again, so he just won't be able to live in the world of magic Logan is becoming more and more involved with. The arc ends as the two share a bittersweet goodbye.
	* Note: This is just a rough draft. I still need to work Eero in somehow.