	I grow old. My facial hair grows gray and my joints ache when I walk. My life was one filled with such energy and enthusiasm for anything and everything, but that time is long past. Now I just try to continue for as long as I can. I know that will not be much longer. Every time I think about that, it worries me. I choose to remember my life up until now, good and bad, if only to make me feel like it was worth it.
	When the giants would take me to the park built for my kind, I enjoyed every moment. I chased the toys they threw for me to bring back, socialized with others like me, and got my boundless energy out in general. I almost disliked it when we had to leave, but I remembered that there were just as many things to do at home, just not the same ones. Now when they take me there I spend my time resting, just as I do at home. Or at least until they stopped taking me altogether. I just could not work myself up to act like I used to. My time there was not all bad, though. Sympathy from the giants and those like me was strong, and it was clear they all worried I might not be around much longer. Or at least those who were old enough to comprehend that concept.
	I have also had my own children. I have done my best to care for them, but as I said before, there is only so much either parent can do now, even more so for the father. When they were born, I tried to teach them to not take the giants' compassion for granted. I doubt they listened to me. They acted entitled to everything the giants did for them, which lead to them getting confused when they would be punished for breaking the rules. Now they believe me and do their best to please the giants, but I wish they could have learned that the easy way. Naturally, they are all worried about my health as well. Every morning they watch me wake up, relieved that I am still alive. They help me to my feet and spend their entire day trying to care for me. Their attention spans do not always allow this, but what the giants do in their stead more than makes up for that. Every night I can detect some worry that I might not wake up the next morning. One of these days, they will be right.
	As nice as my life has been, it has not been without troubles. When I was young I did not realize I was not allowed to relieve myself indoors. It took a lot of trial and error to figure out exactly why the giants were getting mad at me, but I learned. I have also had several visits to the white-cloaked giants, whose treatment of me seemed to mostly depend on how well I was behaving. I realize now that whatever they did was always for my benefit. If I ate certain foods, my stomach would get upset. When the giants found out, we would often make visits to the white-cloaked giants who would get those foods out of my system, although often with great discomfort. That kind of care is gone now. The visits to the white-cloaked giants were becoming more frequent, and sometimes I would stay for several nights, but now they have stopped. It occurs to me they may have done all they can to prolong my life, and only wish for me to pass on in peace rather than under the harsh lighting and constant prodding of their realm. I am not sure whether this is the best course of action or not, but I do realize that those who live a good life still die of old age eventually. It looks like this will happen soon, and I have made my peace with that.
	And yet despite my deteriorating health, she remains untouched by the passage of time. She remains as youthful and energetic as she was when I was born. These immortal giants must age slowly, as I have seen her give birth to her children and they are still smaller than she is. They grow every day, but they have yet to catch up. I enjoyed playing with them when they were about my size, but even the youngest now towers over me. At best, I could only come up to their waist. But that was before. My faculties are decaying. My children worry for my health. I know I am not going to last much longer. I accept this, but worry for my children's well-being. Will she be as kind to them as she was to me? Will they show her the same appreciation I have taught them to show? What about their children? I suppose it does not matter, in the grand scheme of things. My thoughts are hard to focus now. I suspect I will not wake up tomorrow. All I can think to do now is spend my last few moments comforting her. Hopefully this will convince her to treat my family well for many generations to come.