Starting with this filler gap, I could use a story to address how stupid "Chosen One" and "Destiny" plots are
	I could also place it in the next filler gap (Part 2.5) if I wanted to mention the resistance as the antagonist force the "chosen one" is supposed to defeat
	If I do this, I should make it 100% clear that not only is there no prophecy (as there's no future-sight magic), but if there was it would either be self-fulfilling or self-defeating because once a prophecy is written, it would only make sense for Chaos Theory to throw everything off and make the prophecy useless, either by having nobody believe in a self-fulfilling prophecy or having people believe in a self-defeating prophecy
	I may end up making fun of whatever character brings it up, or at least calling them an idiot
		Chances are that character will be audience-insertion, that particular audience being anyone who reads the parts leading up to this aside and expects a prophecy to get involved
			...whether they think that would help or ruin the story
		If I can get away with it without breaking the fourth wall, I should also mention that any writer worth their salt knows that "Chosen One" and "Destiny" plots are cliche, stupid, unrealistic, and a bunch of other mean words
	A few resources:
		Terrible Writing Advice: https://youtu.be/LuTQ0EpmnJo
		Escape to the Movies: https://youtu.be/ZjYq6UiTuJw, https://youtu.be/AKArCuRQVNM
	If I want to push the envelope just a little, I could write the majority of the story from the perspective of the Cunningfolk government discussing the matter without mentioning Logan or Eero at all, only involving them in an unrelated scene at the end that goes something like this:
		Eero: You ever wonder why some stories focus exclusively on the main character, even when they aren't in the scene?
		Logan: Not really. If that happens, it's usually just because the author's a hack.
		Eero: Then what would be a good way to avoid that?
		Logan: Probably a vignette during a lull in the action wherein the main characters aren't doing much so focus shifts to other characters doing something that doesn't develop the plot at all but builds the world a little.
		Eero: That would only really work in the early stages of the plot before the stakes get ramped up.
		Logan: Yeah. If you did it later you'd risk losing focus, but if you didn't do it at all you'd risk writing a story world that revolves around the main characters, which is unrealistic.
		Eero: Well, surely there are more advanced writing techniques to avoid that...
		Logan: I'm sure there are, but I wouldn't know. I just write stories as a hobby, so it's not like I'm an expert.
		Eero: You're good enough to realize that non-main characters have their own agendas beyond their relation to the main characters, though.
		Logan: Yeah, there's that. Even so, I've got a long way to go.
		Side note: If I want to get really meta, I could have them discuss this while moving into a new house and unpacking, then add on a bit where they literally hang a lampshade at the end
			That might be pushing it too far, though.
				I'll decide what to do when I actually write this. I still need to write Part 1 first.